user-guide/macos.md, before:

# Mac OS Installation Guide

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
  - [Pre-requisites](#pre-requisites)

- [Setup GitHub Client](#setup-github-client)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)

## Installation

### Pre-requisites
1. [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/install/mac-install/)
2. [MySQL](https://dev.mysql.com/downloads/file/?id=531917)
3. [Python](https://www.python.org/downloads/macos/)
4. [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/download/package-manager)


## Setup Github Client
1. Access [Developer Settings](https://github.com/settings/developers) in Github.
2. Select OAuth Apps
3. Create new OAuth App
![QuanCBanner](../image/oauth-1.png)
4. Add application informations (The image below is just an example. Fill it with your own information)
![QuanCBanner](../image/oauth-2.png)
5. Create Client Secret
![QuanCBanner](../image/oauth-3.png)
6. Create .env file in these directories
  - client
  - admin-panel (if needed)
  - server
  - runner
7. Insert the client secret in 
  - [client .env](../client/.env)
  - [admin panel .env](../server/.env) (if needed)
  - [server .env](../server/.env)
  - [runner .env](../runner/.env)
```
CLIENT_SECRET=[Github Client Secret]
CLIENT_ID=[Github Client ID]
```


## Getting Started
1. Clone the project
```
https://github.com/ProjectQuanC/quan-c-app.git
cd quan-c-app/
```
2. Run the Script
```
sh start_mac.sh
```

3. go to http://localhost:3000

Commit message:

update: add setup env step in macos guide

user-guide/macos.md, after:

# Mac OS Installation Guide

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
  - [Pre-requisites](#pre-requisites)

- [Setup GitHub Client](#setup-github-client)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)

## Installation

### Pre-requisites
1. [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/install/mac-install/)
2. [MySQL](https://dev.mysql.com/downloads/file/?id=531917)
3. [Python](https://www.python.org/downloads/macos/)
4. [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/download/package-manager)


## Setup Github Client
1. Access [Developer Settings](https://github.com/settings/developers) in Github.
2. Select OAuth Apps
3. Create new OAuth App
![QuanCBanner](../image/oauth-1.png)
4. Add application informations (The image below is just an example. Fill it with your own information)
![QuanCBanner](../image/oauth-2.png)
5. Create Client Secret
![QuanCBanner](../image/oauth-3.png)
6. Create .env file in these directories
  - client
  - admin-panel (if needed)
  - server
  - runner
7. Insert the client secret in 
  - [client .env](../client/.env)
  - [admin panel .env](../server/.env) (if needed)
  - [server .env](../server/.env)
  - [runner .env](../runner/.env)
```
CLIENT_SECRET=[Github Client Secret]
CLIENT_ID=[Github Client ID]
```


## Getting Started
1. Clone the project
```
https://github.com/ProjectQuanC/quan-c-app.git
cd quan-c-app/
```
2. Run the Script
```
sh start_mac.sh
```
3. setup the `.env` values based on the example provided in `.env.example` in every directory
    - [client .env](../client/.env)
    - [admin panel .env](../server/.env) (if needed)
    - [server .env](../server/.env)
    - [runner .env](../runner/.env)
4. go to http://localhost:3000
